[llvm][docs] Expand section on non-integral pointers (#73242)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/LangRef.rst

> challenging as many commonly expected properties, such as
> ``ptrtoint(v)-ptrtoint(v) == 0``, don't hold for non-integral types.
> 
> Similar restrictions apply to intrinsics that might examine the pointer bits,
> such as :ref:`llvm.ptrmask<int_ptrmask>`. In particular, it's not
> correct to infer `align` attributes for such pointers based on examining their
> bits and frontends must ensure that all `align` attributes represent the
> conservative alignment valid for every possible representation of the pointer.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
challenging as many commonly expected properties, such as
``ptrtoint(v)-ptrtoint(v) == 0``, don't hold for non-integral types.
Similar restrictions apply to intrinsics that might examine the pointer bits,
such as :ref:`llvm.ptrmask<int_ptrmask>`. 

The alignment information provided by the frontend for a non-integral pointer
(typically using attributes or metadata) must be valid for every possible 
representation of the pointer.

```

I intentionally dropped this part:
"In particular, it's not correct to infer `align` attributes for such pointers based on examining their bits"
This is because the section above allows inspection of the bitwise value when properly fencing with the underlying environment.
